Removing .NET Core 3.1, Adding .NET 8 (#101)
RockLib/RockLib.Configuration: RockLib.Configuration/README.md

Defines a static `Config` class as a general replacement for the old .NET Framework `ConfigurationManager` class.

> Note: The 3.2.0 release of this library will be the final version with upgrades and changes. Bug fixes will continue to be released as needed. We strongly encourage developers to use standard .NET configuration libraries directly like `Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration` in place of `RockLib.Configuration`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The 4.0.0 release of this library will be the final version with upgrades and changes. Bug fixes will continue to be released as needed. We strongly encourage developers to use standard .NET configuration libraries directly like `Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration` in place of `RockLib.Configuration`.
```

4.0.0?
